README.md, before:

# ![logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jhermann/awesome-python-talks/master/static/logo.png) Awesome Python Talks

An opinionated list of awesome videos related to Python, with a focus on training and gaining hands-on experience.


## Testing

* [pytest: rapid and simple testing with Python](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LVqBQcFmyw) [40 min, PyCon US 2012] – Overview of the py.test tool for rapid and simple  test authoring, introducing common testing terms, basic examples and unique pytest features like reporting for humans and dependency injection.


## Development Tools & Infrastructure

* [devpi: driving packaging and testing needs](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84oOMBUUywI) [55 min, PyCon DE 2013] – Introduction to devpi (shortly before the 1.2 release), which is a private PyPI server, a self-updating `pypi.python.org` package cache, and a work-flow for uploading, testing and installing packages backed by tools.


## Related Resources

* [Awesome Python](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python) – A curated list of awesome Python frameworks, libraries, and software.
* [Awesome Talks](https://github.com/JanVanRyswyck/awesome-talks) – A list of online talks that people really enjoyed watching, and that are worthy of your time.


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome, please open a PR or an issue. In this early stage, proposals for adding missing categories are also useful. In your submissons, pleae stick to the established format of existing entries, and always include a duration and date.

Commit message:

being explicit about processing speed…

README.md, after:

# ![logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jhermann/awesome-python-talks/master/static/logo.png) Awesome Python Talks

An opinionated list of awesome videos related to Python, with a focus on training and gaining hands-on experience.


## Testing

* [pytest: rapid and simple testing with Python](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LVqBQcFmyw) [40 min, PyCon US 2012] – Overview of the py.test tool for rapid and simple  test authoring, introducing common testing terms, basic examples and unique pytest features like reporting for humans and dependency injection.


## Development Tools & Infrastructure

* [devpi: driving packaging and testing needs](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84oOMBUUywI) [55 min, PyCon DE 2013] – Introduction to devpi (shortly before the 1.2 release), which is a private PyPI server, a self-updating `pypi.python.org` package cache, and a work-flow for uploading, testing and installing packages backed by tools.


## Related Resources

* [Awesome Python](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python) – A curated list of awesome Python frameworks, libraries, and software.
* [Awesome Talks](https://github.com/JanVanRyswyck/awesome-talks) – A list of online talks that people really enjoyed watching, and that are worthy of your time.


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome, please open a PR or an issue. Processing these will take a while though, since I'll at least take a peek into new submissions. In this early stage, proposals for adding missing categories are also useful. In your submissons, please stick to the established format of existing entries, and always include a duration and date.
